docs(tutorials): review slack community (#2743)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/scaleway-slack-community/index.mdx

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-slack-signup.webp" alt="Scaleway Slack Community signup page" size="large" />
3. Complete the required fields for **Full Name** and **Password**. You have the option to select whether you want to receive emails from Slack. Tick the checkbox to accept, then click **Create Account** to proceed with your registration.
4. Check your email for an account validation message. Once received, click **Join Now** to finalize the signup process.

Once signed in, you'll land on the Scaleway Community Slack workspace, where you'll find suggestions from Slack on how to get started, such as messaging someone, setting up a profile picture, or joining channels.

## Joining a channel

Channels in Slack are persistent chat rooms designed for discussing specific topics and projects. In the Scaleway Slack Community, you will discover channels dedicated to various Scaleway products and services, along with a general community channel for broader discussions.
<Lightbox src="scaleway-list-of-scaleway-community-slack-channels.webp" alt="List of Scaleway Community Slack channels" />

> 1. By default, you're added to the **#community** and **#community-fr** channels. Click on **Channels** to explore additional channels you may wish to join.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. By default, you are added to the **#community** and **#community-fr** channels. Click on **Channels** to explore additional channels you may wish to join.
```

2. Sort channels by _Channel name_, _Creation date (newest first)_, _Members (most to fewest)_, or _Members (fewest to most)_. You can also filter channels by _All channels_, _Private channels_, or _Archived channels_. Click on a channel to view it.

> 3. At the bottom of your workspace, you have the option to **Join Channel** or **See More Details**. Click **Join Channel** to participate and send messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. At the bottom of your workspace, you have the following options: **Join Channel** or **See More Details**. Click **Join Channel** to participate and send messages.
```
